docs: More refinements to metrics, cardinality limits (#3311)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust: docs/metrics.md

following table to summarize the total number of fruits based on the name and
color.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Cardinality is the number of **unique attribute combinations**, not the number
> of measurements. Even if you record millions of measurements per interval,

> > they are aggregated into a single data point per unique attribute combination.

Reviewer: We might want to rephrase for a clearer statement

```suggestion
> they are aggregated into a finite set of data points - one for each unique attribute combination.
```
